Add v0.6.1 release note (#751)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype: docs/source/whats-new.md

See [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype/releases) for the complete history.

# v0.6.1 (2022 July 2)

## Overview

This is a minor release that includes important bug fixes, a number of new features, and some leftover data format changes specific to parsed AD2CP data format.

## Bug fixes
- We use `datatree` under the hood for the `EchoData` object, but `datatree` v0.0.4 had a bug when access subgroups in netCDF data model in Windows OS. This was fixed in `datatree` v0.0.6, and hence we updated our dependency and made other associated changes to support cross platform users (#732, #748)
- Fix a bug in `compute_MVBS` in selecting `echo_range` for specific frequency. This is from the process of converting the data to be aligned with dimension `frequency` to `channel` in v0.6.0 (#736)
- Allow parsing data from EK60 with split-beam transducers but without phase/angle data (#491, #718)
- Fix invalid timestamp issue in AD2CP data conversion (#733)
- Check filter coeffs existence in `SetGroupsEK80.set_vendor` before saving (#720, #724)

## New features
- Add utility function for swapping `channel` coordinate with `frequency_nominal` (#710)

> - Enhance update_platform to support more use cases (location data from moving platform or a fixed location) and add more consistency (#741)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhance `update_platform` to support a new use case (location data from fixed location) and add more consistency (#741)
```

- Ability to parse and store RAW4 datagram for EK80 data (#714)

## Changes of netCDF data model
- Reorganize AD2CP data variables into different `Sonar/Beam_groupX`s and different first-level groups in a form consistent with v0.6.0 changes for all other sonar models (#731); some variables remain to be discussed and may change in future releases (#719)

## Enhancements
- Refactor AD2CP conversion to improve speed and memory usage through removal of xr.merge (#505)
- Update Python requirements in docs to >=3.8 (#744)

## Infrastructure

> - Update PR action to use title [all tests ci] to run the entire suite of tests (#721)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update PR action to use PR title [all tests ci] to run the entire suite of tests and [skip ci] to skip all tests (#721)
```
